📝 Document custom headers for JSONL and SSE streams (#15953)
fastapi/fastapi: docs/en/docs/tutorial/server-sent-events.md

{* ../../docs_src/server_sent_events/tutorial001_py310.py ln[34:37] hl[35] *}

## Custom Response Headers { #custom-response-headers }

If you need to add custom headers to an SSE response, use a dependency that receives a `Response` parameter and sets the headers before the stream starts:

{* ../../docs_src/server_sent_events/tutorial006_py310.py ln[1:33] hl[3:4,22:23,26:30] *}

The dependency runs before FastAPI creates the streaming response.

> This is different from setting headers inside the generator body, which runs later, when the response is already streaming.

Reviewer: I think this should be explained in a different way.

I would go with:
* Start from reference to https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/advanced/response-headers
* Explain why that common approach doesn't work here
* Introduce the solution with dependency and explain why it works

What do you think?

Author: Yes, that makes sense. I was focusing more on the final pattern, but starting from the existing Response Headers docs makes the flow clearer.
I’ll adjust the explanation so it first points to the usual Response parameter approach, then explains why setting headers inside a streaming generator is too late, and then introduces the dependency approach. The key reason that works is that dependencies run before FastAPI creates the streaming response, so the headers are set before streaming starts.

Author: I have made the said changes

{* ../../docs_src/server_sent_events/tutorial001_py310.py ln[34:37] hl[35] *}

## Custom Response Headers { #custom-response-headers }

For normal responses, you can set custom headers using a `Response` parameter, as explained in [Response Headers](../advanced/response-headers.md#use-a-response-parameter).

> With an SSE stream, the *path operation function* is a generator. Calling it creates the generator, but the code inside the generator body doesn't run until the response is already streaming. So setting headers inside the generator body is too late for headers that need to be sent with the response.
> 
> Instead, use a dependency that receives the `Response` parameter and sets the headers before the stream starts:
> 
> {* ../../docs_src/server_sent_events/tutorial006_py310.py ln[1:33] hl[3:4,22:23,26:30] *}
> 
> Dependencies run before FastAPI creates the streaming response, so FastAPI can copy those headers into the final SSE response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With an SSE stream, the *path operation function* is a generator. FastAPI starts the response before the body of that generator is executed. Because the response headers have already been sent, modifying the `Response` object inside the endpoint function has no effect.

Instead, use a dependency that receives the `Response` parameter and sets the headers before the response starts:

{* ../../docs_src/server_sent_events/tutorial006_py310.py ln[1:33] hl[3:4,22:23,26:30] *}

Dependencies are resolved before FastAPI starts sending the response, so headers they set on the `Response` object are included in the outgoing response.
```
